Dear Friend , We know you are interested in receiving 
cutting-edge intelligence . If you no longer wish to 
receive our publications simply reply with a Subject: 
of "REMOVE" and you will immediately be removed from 
our mailing list . This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 1622 ; Title 1 ; Section 305 ! This 
is different than anything else you've seen ! Why work 
for somebody else when you can become rich as few as 
10 DAYS . Have you ever noticed how many people you 
know are on the Internet & nearly every commercial 
on television has a .com on in it . Well, now is your 
chance to capitalize on this . WE will help YOU increase 
customer response by 200% & decrease perceived waiting 
time by 200% ! You can begin at absolutely no cost 
to you ! But don't believe us . Mrs Ames who resides 
in Texas tried us and says "I was skeptical but it 
worked for me" . This offer is 100% legal . Do not 
go to sleep without ordering ! Sign up a friend and 
you'll get a discount of 30% . Best regards ! Dear 
Salaryman ; Especially for you - this amazing info 
. If you are not interested in our publications and 
wish to be removed from our lists, simply do NOT respond 
and ignore this mail ! This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 1916 , Title 9 ; Section 305 . This 
is NOT unsolicited bulk mail ! Why work for somebody 
else when you can become rich inside 58 days ! Have 
you ever noticed more people than ever are surfing 
the web & people will do almost anything to avoid mailing 
their bills . Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this . WE will help YOU turn your business into 
an E-BUSINESS & turn your business into an E-BUSINESS 
. You can begin at absolutely no cost to you . But 
don't believe us . Ms Jones who resides in West Virginia 
tried us and says "My only problem now is where to 
park all my cars" ! We are licensed to operate in all 
states ! If not for you then for your loved ones - 
act now . Sign up a friend and your friend will be 
rich too . Best regards ! 
