Dear E-Commerce professional ; This letter was specially 
selected to be sent to you . This is a one time mailing 
there is no need to request removal if you won't want 
any more . This mail is being sent in compliance with 
Senate bill 1618 ; Title 7 , Section 307 ! Do NOT confuse 
us with Internet scam artists ! Why work for somebody 
else when you can become rich as few as 47 days . Have 
you ever noticed more people than ever are surfing 
the web and nearly every commercial on television has 
a .com on in it . Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this ! WE will help YOU SELL MORE and increase customer 
response by 150% . The best thing about our system 
is that it is absolutely risk free for you . But don't 
believe us . Mr Ames who resides in South Dakota tried 
us and says "I've been poor and I've been rich - rich 
is better" ! We are licensed to operate in all states 
! You will blame yourself forever if you don't order 
now ! Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount of 
80% ! Best regards . Dear Cybercitizen ; Especially 
for you - this breath-taking announcement ! We will 
comply with all removal requests ! This mail is being 
sent in compliance with Senate bill 1816 ; Title 1 
, Section 306 . This is NOT unsolicited bulk mail ! 
Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
in 48 WEEKS . Have you ever noticed people will do 
almost anything to avoid mailing their bills plus nobody 
is getting any younger ! Well, now is your chance to 
capitalize on this . We will help you decrease perceived 
waiting time by 200% and SELL MORE ! You are guaranteed 
to succeed because we take all the risk . But don't 
believe us ! Ms Jones who resides in Washington tried 
us and says "My only problem now is where to park all 
my cars" ! We are a BBB member in good standing ! If 
not for you then for your LOVED ONES - act now ! Sign 
up a friend and your friend will be rich too . God 
Bless ! Dear Colleague , We know you are interested 
in receiving cutting-edge info ! If you no longer wish 
to receive our publications simply reply with a Subject: 
of "REMOVE" and you will immediately be removed from 
our mailing list ! This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 1618 ; Title 8 ; Section 308 . This 
is not multi-level marketing ! Why work for somebody 
else when you can become rich as few as 48 WEEKS . 
Have you ever noticed society seems to be moving faster 
and faster & nobody is getting any younger . Well, 
now is your chance to capitalize on this . WE will 
help YOU increase customer response by 160% plus sell 
more ! You can begin at absolutely no cost to you . 
But don't believe us ! Prof Simpson who resides in 
Colorado tried us and says "I was skeptical but it 
worked for me" ! We assure you that we operate within 
all applicable laws ! If not for you then for your 
LOVED ONES - act now ! Sign up a friend and you get 
half off . God Bless . 
